# Change Log

------------
## [Unrelease]
### [Added]
- Update the example `dcgan_struct` to use color to show the usage.
- Update the example `dcgan_struct` to create folders for storing samples that are generated by GAN.
- Add the example `detect_mnist` to show how to build a network, dataset for training.
	- Implement the class `myMnistDataset`
	- Add `testDataset` into `detect_mnist` to test the class `myMnistDataset`.

### [Changed]

### [Fixed]
- Fixed the bug that the label file would be prepared for the image file in the consturctor of the class `myMnistDataset` for the example `detect_mnist`.
- Fixed the bug that the program `testDataset` did not break out the while-loop during parsing arguments for the example `detect_mnist`.

### [Removed]

------------
## [1.0.0] - 2022/08/03
### [Added]
- Add a simple example `tensorEye` to create eye tensor.
- Add an example `simpleNet` to show how to create a network.
- Add an example `dcgan_struct` to show how to train a network with struct.

### [Changed]
- Update the example `simpleNet` to run network forward.
- Update the example `dcgan_struct` to support GPU for training.
- Update the example `dcgan_struct` to show more detail for usage.
- Update the example `dcgan_struct` to convert the samples that are generated from GAN to images.
- Update the example `dcgan_struct` because I misunderstood the dimensions of the tensor for libtorch.

### [Fixed]
- Fixed the dimension error for the example `dcgan_struct`.
- Fixed the bug that cannot get the iteration number per batches for the example `dcgan_struct`.
- Fixed the bug that the example `dcgan_struct` could not parse arguments from user.
- Fixed the bug that the training flow is wrong for the example `dcgan_struct`.
- Fixed the bug that the example `dcgan_struct` would save the samples into wrong path at every checkpoint.
- Fixed the bug that the example `dcgan_struct` could not save the samples at every checkpoint.
- Fixed the bug that the example `dcgan_struct` could not resume previous checkpoint.
- Fixed the bug that the type of the samples is same as the type of the modules at every checkpoint for the example `dcgan_struct`.
- Fixed the bug thatt warning about `output not match` happened during training on GPU for the example `dcgan_struct`.

